microprofile-health-35 Provide different types of health check (#142)
eclipse/microprofile-health: spec/src/main/asciidoc/protocol-wireformat.adoc

=== Response Codes and status mappings

> The following table give valid health check responses for all kind of health checks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table gives valid health check responses for all kinds of health checks:
```
